♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da,
ba-da-ba-da-ba ♪
♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da ♪
Let's go!
♪ We'll be there ♪
♪ A wink and a smile
and a great old time ♪
♪ Yeah, we'll be there ♪
♪ Wherever we are,
there's some fun to be found ♪
♪ We'll be there
when you turn that corner ♪
♪ We'll jump out the bush ♪
♪ With a big bear hug
and a smile ♪
♪ We'll be there ♪
♪♪
You want to watch
something on TV?
Eh, I already finished
bing-watching everything.
Hmm.
Want to shoot some hoops
at the park?
Ball's flat.
[ Sighs ]
Did anyone get back to us
about hanging out today?
Nope.
No one's online.
Ugh. I wish there
was something to do.
Wake up coffee.
Ah, thanks bro.
Huh, look at that.
Thank you.
He did the little
foam-art thing again.
Whoa, cool.
Mine, too.
Oh, it's a little me
and you.
Ah, that is so good.
Ah, woke me right up.
Aren't you drinking any?
Ice Bear
doesn't drink coffee.
Does not agree
with Ice Bear.
[ Fast footsteps ]
Mmm.
that smells amazing.
Is there a café around?
I could really use
some coffee about now.
Oh, sorry, no.
That's just my brother.
He -- Makes the best
coffee in the forest.
Want to come in, grab a cup of
coffee, and hang out a bit?
Okay.
So, um,
you just go for jogs alone
in the forest often?
Is -- is that...
Well, actually, I --
Coffee ready.
Oh, thank you.
I needed this.
Whoa.
Is that me?
That's amazing. I got to show
my friends.
They'll love this.
[ Camera clicks ]
Hey, would you mind if they
stopped by and had a cup, too?
That was last pot
of coffee.
But you could make
some more, right bro?
Ice Bear on it.
Awesome!
I'll give
them a call.
And then I realized
I was wearing his shoes.
[ Laughter ]
Coffee for friends.
Oh, thank you.
Whoa,
I got a little snowman!
Oh, no way!
- Is that a record player?
[ Slurps ]
Ahh.
Tastes way better
than digital.
Ice Bear
is happy you like.
You know, you guys should
totally open a café.
Hmm?
- Yeah!
Tons of people
would want to come here.
Really?
- For sure.
You've already got
the coffee and location.
All you need
is the name.
A name? how about, um,
Polar Bear Café?
Uh, I think
that's taken already.
How about
Java Cavern?
Wait, wait --
Bearista's.
I got it!
We'll call it...
♪♪
Coffee Cave
is open for business.
Come on in, welcome
We got coffee.
[ Indistinct chatter ]
[ Bell dings ]
Order up.
Aha, thanks bro.
Hey, Grizz. Hey, guys, what up?
Tony, how's that
screenplay coming?
Great, Grizz.
Just finishing up.
[ Chuckles ]
Fantastic.
I just want a chance
to audition.
Hey, Grizz.
You remember Jen, from earlier.
Hey. Hey, Jen, good
to see you again.
There you go,
one special.
Whoa,
another perfect coffee.
Hey, you know,
you want to take a break
and hang out with us a bit?
- Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
All right.
♪ Ain't nobody
better than my baby ♪
♪ Got me going crazy ♪
♪ Tellin' people
to get out of my way ♪
[ Bell dinging ]
♪ Whoah, you got the keys
to my heart ♪
And I was like, "No way."
But she was like, "Yeah, way."
Here's your special.
Thanks, Grizz.
Huh. This coffee
kind of tastes funny.
[ Not really paying attention ]
Yeah, so funny.
Wait, what?
- It's gross.
Hey, don't you
worry about it.
I'll take care of it,
okay?
Hey, Grizz,
- can we get another special?
Yep. One more special
coming right up.
Huh? What the -- what is that?
Is that avant garde?
Ugh, this coffee's
kind of jank, man.
I'll catch up
with you later.
Oh, no.
Panda!
Dude,
what's the problem?
That's the problem.
- Huh?
Bro,
what's going on?
Uh, this coffee's
making people leave.
People expect a certain level
of quality here.
Sorry.
Ice tired is getting bear.
Grizz and Panda:
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Here,
have a cup of coffee.
It'll wake you
right up.
Ice Bear
can't handle caffeine.
Come on, man. We don't want
to let people down.
And I'm pretty sure Jen
is about to give me her digits.
Hey, Panda,
how's that special coming?
Please.
Ice Bear shouldn't.
Please, bro?
This is the most people
have wanted
to hang with us since,
ever, actually.
Do it for us?
Please?
There we go.
That's it,
just a little more.
Attaboy.
[ Up-tempo music plays ]
We're back in business! - Yeah!
Whoo-hoo!
Maybe we should
get going.
Sorry for the delay.
Here you go.
Whoa.
Ah,
it's so good.
[ Clink ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Up-tempo music continues ]
[ Crowd murmurs ]
[ Cameras click,
cheering ]
Thanks, guys. I'm gonna bring
my whole study group tomorrow.
See you later.
Take care.
What an amazing day!
So many new friends!
[ Yawns ] Yeah. And there'll
be even more tomorrow.
Gonna need
a good night's sleep.
Got another big day
ahead of us.
Oh,
great job today, bro.
You're carrying us.
Goodnight.
Ice Bear does great job.
Grizz: [ Humming ]
Hey. You ready for another awesome day?
- Yep.
Huh? What's going
on here?
We cleaned up the place
last night, right?
Uh, yeah.
I think so.
[ Crash ]
- Whoa.
Ahh.
Welcome...to Coffee...Cave.
Geez,
you scared us.
Uh, you all right,
little bro?
[ Knocking ]
Huh?
[ Indistinct chatter ]
[ Gasps ]
We got customers.
Okay, get ready,
get ready, get ready.
Hey,
welcome to the Coffee Cave.
Hey there,
good to see you again.
Repeat customers,
everything's going great.
All right, one Americano
coming right -- ooh, huh?
Okay, um...hmm.
Dude,
these are all empty, okay?
Oh, wait, never mind.
This ones' good.
Ah!
What are you doing?
You're hurting me.
Ice Bear needs coffee.
Wh-- What?
Ow,
that hurts.
Uh, did you just drink
my coffee?
Excuse me,
coming through.
Hey, guys,
what's taking so long.
Customers are -- huh?
No, stop.
Stop it.
Ow.
Ahh. Ice Bear will make
more coffee.
[ Munching ]
Ew.
- Okay, um,
you should take it easy
on the coffee now.
Yeah.
- You're losing your mind.
Hand over the beans
and --
Last bag of beans.
[ Grunts ]
Hey.
- Huh?
Where's my coffee, man?
What's going on?
- Um, sorry about that.
We had a bit of a hiccup
with our machine.
Your coffee'll
be right out, okay?
Night-night time
- for you to, buddy. Sleep tight.
Okay, quick,
- look up how to make coffee.
Hey, guys,
thanks for waiting.
We're just gonna look
on the Internet
for a new business model.
[ Scoffs ]
Let's get out of here.
No, don't leave!
We can play some video games
while you wait.
[ Screaming ]
[ Screaming,
coughing ]
Ahh! Make it stop!
I'm trying! Ahh!
Huh?
Ice Bear needs more
[scary voice] coffee.
[ Both scream ]
[ Both panting ]
You okay?
- Yeah.
[ Loud munching noises ] [ Gasps ]
- Wha!
Dude, we got to get
out of the cave.
Follow me.
[ Chuckles ] I think
we're outside. We're safe.
No, I think
we're in my room.
What?
How did we end up here?
I don't know.
[ Skittering noise ]
[ Both gasp ]
Who's there?
We should hide.
Dude, we're sorry.
We shouldn't have fed
you all that coffee.
Huh? - Wha -- what? [
Skittering noise ]
What is that?
[ Gasps ]
[ Echoing ] Coffee. Beans,
beans, beans, beans.
Ah! - How are you
even doing that?
Where did he go?
Where'd he go?
I don't know.
Hold me, Panda.
[ Skittering noises ]
[ Screams ]
- Panda!
I got you,
Pan Pan.
[ Screams ]
It's too late.
Just destroy the beans.
I'm not letting
you go.
Destroy them,
Grizz.
[ Screams ]
- Pan Pan!
Stop!
Or else, uh,
you can say "goodbye"
to the beans!
You hear me!
Say something.
[ Yells ]
Please...stop.
[ Giggles ]
No fair.
Ah [ giggles]
no tickling.
[ Grunts ]
[ Laughs triumphantly ]
Gotcha.
[ Yells ]
[ Suction noises ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Groans ]
Huh?
Toilet?
Finally, I can destroy these
evil beans once and for all.
[ Crash ] [ Yells ] The beans!
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
[ Groans ] Where'd it go?
Where'd it go? Where'd it go?
Aha! Ooh.
[ Suspenseful music continues ]
Aah!
Stay away, man!
Huh?
[ Snores ]
Grizz?
Grizz, where are you?
Oh, there you are.
Pan Pan.
Oh, thank goodness.
He crashed.
You're alive.
- I thought he took you away.
He did, but then he just
gently carried me to my bed
and sung me
a weird lullaby.
It was really strange.
What happened to you?
[ Groans ]
[ Knocking ]
Oh, hey. My food app says
there's a coffee shop here.
But this doesn't look
like a shop,
so I'm, like,
so confused right now.
Like, it looks like a cave or
something and I'm, like,
freaking out
a little bit.
Okay...
I'm gonna leave
- this place a really bad review.
[ Groaning ]
Don't worry,
I took care of it.
No more customers,
I promise.
Hey, little brother,
I brought you some tea.
[ Gasps ]
No, no, no, no.
This is just green tea.
It'll help you
fall asleep.
Um, we're really sorry
for making you
drink all
that coffee.
Yeah, man.
That's our bad.
Ice Bear sorry
for ruining Coffee Cave.
Don't worry about it,
man.
Just drink up
and relax.
Wait,
is that tea decaf?
♪♪
Done.
Both: Done!
♪♪